feat(world-consumer): convert store-consumer package into world-consumer (#3584)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/shy-terms-walk.md

---
"@latticexyz/world-consumer": patch
---

> Renamed `store-consumer` package to `world-consumer`. The `world-consumer` package now only includes a single `WorldConsumer` contract that always attaches to a World.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renamed `store-consumer` package to `world-consumer`. The `world-consumer` package now only includes a single `WorldConsumer` contract that is bound to a `World`.
```

---
"@latticexyz/world-consumer": patch
"@latticexyz/world-module-erc20": patch
---

Renamed `store-consumer` package to `world-consumer`. The `world-consumer` package now only includes a single `WorldConsumer` contract that always attaches to a World.

> The `world-module-erc20` package was updated to reflect this refactor.

Reviewer: I'd prob move this to its own changeset like
> Migrated from `store-consumer` to `world-consumer`.

Author: done!
